Add model zoo docs (#188)
Oneflow-Inc/libai: docs/source/tutorials/Model Zoo.md

# LiBai Model Zoo

> To data, LiBai implements the following models:

Reviewer: To data 是什么意思

Author: 奥这里是打错了, 应该是`To date`，我改一下

Reviewer 2: 应该是 `up to date`吧?

Author: 这里其实是参考`ColossalAI`的, 我看他们用了一个`To date`

- [Vision Transformer](https://arxiv.org/abs/2010.11929)
- [Swin Transformer](https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.14030)
- [BERT](https://arxiv.org/abs/1810.04805)
- [T5](https://arxiv.org/abs/1910.10683)
- [GPT-2](https://cdn.openai.com/better-language-models/language_models_are_unsupervised_multitask_learners.pdf)

## Parallelism Mode in LiBai
In LiBai, a collection of parallel training strategies is provided:
- **Data Parallel Training**
- **Tensor Parallel Training**
- **Pipeline Parallel Training**

> You can read oneflow official [tutorial](https://docs.oneflow.org/en/master/parallelism/01_introduction.html) to basicly understand the conception about parallelization techniques.

Reviewer: understand the basic conception ...

Author: OK

## Supported Model in LiBai

> In LiBai, you can try out different parallel mode by easily updating the [training config file](https://github.com/Oneflow-Inc/libai/blob/main/configs/common/train.py).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In LiBai, you can try out different parallel modes easily by updating the [training config file](https://github.com/Oneflow-Inc/libai/blob/main/configs/common/train.py).
```

      <th valign="bottom" align="left" width="120">Pipeline Parallel</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td align="left"> <b> Vision Transformer </b> </td>
      <td align="left">&#10004;</td>
      <td align="left">&#10004;</td>
      <td align="left">&#10004;</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td align="left"> <b> Swin Transformer </b> </td>
      <td align="left">&#10004;</td>
      <td align="left">-</td>
      <td align="left">-</td>
    <tr>
      <td align="left"> <b> BERT </b> </td>
      <td align="left">&#10004;</td>
      <td align="left">&#10004;</td>
      <td align="left">&#10004;</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td align="left"> <b> T5 </b> </td>
      <td align="left">&#10004;</td>
      <td align="left">&#10004;</td>
      <td align="left">&#10004;</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td align="left"> <b> GPT-2 </b> </td>
      <td align="left">&#10004;</td>
      <td align="left">&#10004;</td>
      <td align="left">&#10004;</td>
    </tr>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

**Additions:**
&#10004; means you can train this model under specific parallelism techniques or combine two or three of them with &#10004; for 2D or 3D paralleism training.

**Examples:**

> In this table, **BERT** model supports three parallelism techniques, if we have 1 nodes with 8GPUs, you can try different combination of parallelism training by updating [bert config file](../../../configs/bert_large_pretrain.py) as following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this table, **BERT** model supports three parallelism techniques, if we have 1 node with 8 GPUs, you can try different combinations of parallelism training by updating [bert config file](../../../configs/bert_large_pretrain.py) as follows:
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td align="left"> <b> Swin Transformer </b> </td>
      <td align="left">&#10004;</td>
      <td align="left">-</td>
      <td align="left">-</td>
    <tr>
      <td align="left"> <b> BERT </b> </td>
      <td align="left">&#10004;</td>
      <td align="left">&#10004;</td>
      <td align="left">&#10004;</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td align="left"> <b> T5 </b> </td>
      <td align="left">&#10004;</td>
      <td align="left">&#10004;</td>
      <td align="left">&#10004;</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td align="left"> <b> GPT-2 </b> </td>
      <td align="left">&#10004;</td>
      <td align="left">&#10004;</td>
      <td align="left">&#10004;</td>
    </tr>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

**Additions:**
&#10004; means you can train this model under specific parallelism techniques or combine two or three of them with &#10004; for 2D or 3D paralleism training.

**Examples:**
On the above table, **BERT** model supports three parallelism techniques, if we have 1 node with 8 GPUs, you can try out different combinations of parallelism training techniques by updating [bert config file](../../../configs/bert_large_pretrain.py) as follows:

> - **Pure Data Parallel Training on 8 GPUs**

Reviewer: 这里可以说一下，如果不配置 dist，只指定 gpu 数量，默认会按照数据并行的方式跑

另外数据并行可以不配置，会默认计算，比如 8 gpus，如果设置 tensor parallel = 2，pipeline parallel = 2，data parallel 会自动算成 2

Author: 好的，独立出去作为一个`Distributed Configuration.md`如何

```

- **Data Parallel + Pipeline Parallel for 2D Parallel Training on 8 GPUs**

In this example, 8 GPUs will be splitted into **2 groups**, each group contains **4 GPUs**, and the input data will be splitted into 2 parts on batch dim for data parallel training. And each group contains **4 stages**, different layers in the model will be put on different stages automatically for pipeline parallel training.
```python
from .common.train import train
...

train.dist.data_parallel_size = 2
train.dist.pipeline_parallel_size = 4
```

- **Tensor Parallel + Pipeline Parallel for 2D Parallel Training on 8 GPUs**

In this example, 8 GPUs will be splitted into **2 groups**, each group contains **4 GPUs**, and the weight of the layers in the model be splitted into 2 parts for tensor parallel training between 2 groups. And each group contains **4 stages**, different layers in the model will be put on different stages automatically for pipeline parallel training.
```python
from .common.train import train
...

train.dist.tensor_parallel_size = 2
train.dist.pipeline_parallel_size = 4
```

- **Data Parallel + Tensor Parallel + Pipeline Parallel for 3D Parallel Training on 8 GPUs**

> In this example, 8 GPUs will also be splitted into **2 groups**, but each group will also be splitted into **2 mini groups**, each mini groups contains 2 GPUs, the input data will be splitted into two parts on batch dim for data parallel training on 2 groups, and in each group, the weight of the layers in the model will be splitted into 2 parts for tensor parallel training on **2 mini groups**, and each mini group contrain **2 stages**, different layers in the model will be put on different stages for pipeline parallel training.

Author: 好的，我来改一下~

# LiBai Model Zoo
To date, LiBai implements the following models:
- [Vision Transformer](https://arxiv.org/abs/2010.11929)
- [Swin Transformer](https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.14030)
- [BERT](https://arxiv.org/abs/1810.04805)
- [T5](https://arxiv.org/abs/1910.10683)
- [GPT-2](https://cdn.openai.com/better-language-models/language_models_are_unsupervised_multitask_learners.pdf)

## Parallelism Mode in LiBai

> In LiBai, a collection of parallel training strategies is provided:

Reviewer 3: 感觉改成这样好些：
LiBai supports a collection of parallel training strategies:
或者
A collection of parallel training strategies are supported by LiBai:

Author: 诶woc，我没有注意到，sorry

Author: 我这边还有一个PR，在下一个PR改~

- **Data Parallel Training**
- **Tensor Parallel Training**
- **Pipeline Parallel Training**

> You can read oneflow official [tutorial](https://docs.oneflow.org/en/master/parallelism/01_introduction.html) to understand the basic conception about parallelization techniques.

Reviewer 3: User can refer to the oneflow official [tutorial](https://docs.oneflow.org/en/master/parallelism/01_introduction.html) for better understanding of the basic conception about parallelization techniques.

Author: 我放到下一个PR改，刚刚手快合并了 : (
